Robert Corbett
To-Do 1
LING 1340
8/31/2017

	I started looking through the resources provided by the Linguistics Data Repositories link.  Not sure were to begin, 
I clicked the first archive in the repository, AILLA: Archive of the Indigenous Languages of Latin America.  After registering, 
I began browsing the archive by languages.  This archive contained over 300 languages, so to get a feel for the type of data in 
this archive, I examined the first ten.  Some of the languages, like Amahuaca, did not have any matches in the archive, and some 
only had a few matches.  Of the first ten languages, Akateko had the most matches (49 matches), so I continued 
examining it.  Each entry was given a genre identifier after the title, most common were “Wordlist” and “Narrative”.  Many of the 
matches classified as “Wordlist” contained “Swadesh List” in the title.  One that I looked at was titled “Swadesh List and OKMA 
Special List” and it contained several .mp3 and .wav files.

“Swadesh List and OKMA Special List”
The Archive of Indigenous Languages of Latin America 
Oxlajuuj Keej Maya’ Ajtz’iib’ (OKMA) Collector and Depositor
Manuel Francisco Diego speaker
http://www.ailla.utexas.org/search/resource.html?r_id=4181
Thirteen .mp3 and .wav files of a speaker of Akateko
Data in the AILLA archive is free to use for non-profit purposes as long as the intellectual property rights and copyrights are respected

Francisco Diego, Manuel (Speaker). (1998). “Swadesh list and OKMA special list”. Oxiajuuj Keej Maya’ Ajtz’iib’ Mayan Languages Collection. 
The Archive of the Indigenous Languages of Latin America: www.ailla.utexas.org. Media: audio. Access: public. Resource: KNJ003R001.



       I also looked through the NLTK Corpora Index.  I downloaded the “Genesis Corpus” because it contained a subject I was familiar 
with.  The .zip file contained .txt files of the book of Genesis translated into English (King James Version), English (World English 
Bible), Finnish, French, German, lolcat, Portuguese, and Swedish.  It also contained a README file explain the contents.  The .txt 
files had been prepared and stripped of formatting, markup and verse numbers. 

“Genesis Corpus”
NLTK Corpora
www.nltk.org/nltk_data/
462KB
License: Public Domain	
