Pierce's Annotated Learner Texts contain texts written by Russian language
learners. Texts are divided into those written by heritage learners and by L2
(second language learners), which are then subdivided into timed and untimed
texts. In my opinion, this is good organization of the files. According to the
source URL (which proved to be more useful than the README file), the data was
collected from Russian language learners in Portland State University's Russian
Language Flagship program. This makes it unsurprising that the data is presented
in Cyrillic. In addition, the data is presented in XML format and has been
marked by a native Russian speaker for "all inflectional morphology errors on
nouns, adjectives and determiners...[and] all T-units (sentences or independent
clauses with any accompanying dependent clauses) in the texts have been
annotated." With this information I gather that the data is to be used to study
the use of the skill of Russian language in writing between heritage speakers
and L2 by using morphological errors and T-units as measures of comparison.
Right now, I could go through this data and compare the amount of T-units used
by both groups in both situations (timed vs untimed) and compare the number of
errors made in the same way. After learning data-science methods, I'm not quite
sure what else I'll be able to do with this data, but that's the fun in learning!

The Istanbul Greek Hadodo data at first glance is very organized, it honestly
seems like the majority (if not all) of the project is included. There are
the original interviews as sound files as well as what I believe are transcripts
of the interviews (the TextGrids). Looking at the Stats folder, to me it seems
like this research was focused on the sounds of the Greek language and their
production. I don't know much about phonology, so this data doesn't mean a lot
to me and I'm not confident that I could do much of anything with it right now.
Again, I'm not sure what I will be able to do with it in the future, but that's
to be discovered!
